[Applause]
[Music]
it's an all Eastern comfort zone here
this time for the traveling New York
Knicks fired from the Northeast in
Boston Massachusetts the Celtic fans
getting ready to go here with Clark
Kellogg this is Kevin Harlan for 2k
sports in our presentation of the NBA
now let's check out the t-mobile
starting lineups now let's check out the
sprite ice pulled keys to the game as
reserve a look at the next Clark what
should they keep in mind how well can
they disrupt Kevin Garnett's game that's
what they have to be thinking about to
contain this team he's an excellent
rebounder on both backboard so you've
got to get into him and deny him flying
position inside bye Clark what about
Buster watch the key for them all piers
well they call him the truth he brings
much in the klutz he can get to the rim
he could shoot the three he's able to
get to the lane and draw fouls there's
nothing he can't do offensive where
you've covered all getting better with
angel he really is he's finding other
people get his greatest asset
excellent anticipation there can you
place that pass perfect here's Chandler
plays it in sweet time to lead into the
rack take it to the right guy at the
right time that's a good pass New York
on D
garnet that's in
Rondo anatomic questionable decision
making there
here's Jeffrey nice finish in transition
partner that's exactly how you run the
break Rondo with it
garnett hexam down there is it from 14
feet we watched a lot of Kevin Gunn is
he the most intense NBA player you've
ever seen I tell you what he's right up
I don't know if anybody has a more
intense
pregame big cagey toes I mean that's the
way he goes up against the basket
stanchion and support it makes all kind
of machination with his mouth looks into
the crowd and talks to himself before
the jump ball but he's been doing that
since he came into the league Mitchell
was a teammate of his in Minnesota he's
had this young guys something else and
that's been who he's three years and who
has been throughout his career so I
don't know if there's anybody that's
ever been more intense in getting ready
to play day in and day out
and here is Harrington rajon rondo
missing his last shot
here's Jeffries it's rebounded by Kevin
Garnett and here are the Celtics now
trailing by two and Boston turns it over
sometimes you just don't connect
they can't dwell on it they've got to
move on and just D up and get it back
now Duhon 243 left in the first quarter
a little different look here straight
man to man defense to Robinson again
footer shot is off and the so let's go
with it the other way
[Applause]
Rondo
bundle and leave pulls it down the next
with the lead here's the break here's
Chandler gets in close finishes with the
soft touch
he saw the height mismatch and went to
work immediately
that's smart basketball here's Pierce
gets the quick shot just put the ball in
as it is Kevin and watch him go to work
he's going to make something good happen
[Applause]
away
television
he's off from three Boston trailing the
brake is off can't tie up the store and
here is your engine
here's Robinson can't get it to fall
from downtown
here comes Pierce
and Boston turns it over Pass got away
from a missed opportunity the somme
exchanging it up now robinson 101 left
in the first easy shot good even though
it was early in the shot clock that's an
opportunity you can't pass up Kevin
Celtics on offense four-point game Rondo
with it waltz the nails that through
close range easy look in the paint
defense got abused there
[Applause]
releases
and the rebound goes to rajon rondo if
the SATs not within your range
don't take that's very simple
intercepted by Hughes and here we go
with Nate Robinson hands it off to
Chandler
stolen by Ronda
[Applause]
who can just rise up and pop it right
over the defenders and get a good shot
every time the shot is off we've got a